# Intro2AI_01-Ares_Adventure

2 Requirements 
2.1 Input
Students are required to design at least 10 different input files, named according to the structure input-01.txt, input-02.txt, ..., input-10.txt. Each input should have different parameters, such as the number of stones in the maze, the weight of each stone, or the structure of the maze. The format of the input file is as described below:
• The first line contains a list of integers representing the weights of each stone, in the order they appear in the grid, from left to right and top to bottom.
• The following lines describe the grid itself using the following characters:
– "#" for walls.
– " " (whitespace) for free spaces.
– "$" for stones.
– "@" for Ares.
– "." for switch places.
– "*" for stones placed on switches.
– "+" for Ares on a switch.


2.2 Output
The output must be both visualized using a Graphical User Interface (GUI) to display the process and saved as an output file. Below are the detailed output requirements:
• Output file:
The output files should be named following the format output-01.txt, output-02.txt, etc.
The content of each output file must include the following information:
– The first line specifies the name of the algorithm used.
– The second line provides detailed statistics, including:
∗ The number of steps Ares must take,
∗ The total weight he has to push,
∗ The number of nodes generated by the algorithm,
∗ The time taken to complete the search, and
∗ The memory consumed during the process.
– The third line presents the solution as a string representing Ares’s sequence of actions. Lowercase letters uldr are used for movement, while uppercase letters ULDR represent pushing actions.

• Graphical User Interface (GUI):
– The GUI must provide a visual representation all elements on the maze.
– The GUI must animate step by step the process of Ares moving through the maze and pushing stones according to the solution sequence generated by the algorithm.
– Display statistics, including the step count and the weight being pushed.
– A button should be provided to start or pause the animation, as well as a reset option to restart the process. And a button to choose which algorithms are for visualization.


2.3 Programming language
The source code must be written in Python. You are allowed to use any supporting libraries; however, the main algorithms directly related to the search process must be implemented by you.


2.4 Report
• Member information (Student ID, full name, etc.)
• Work assignment table, which includes information on each task assigned to team members, along with the completion rate of each member compared to the assigned tasks.
• Self-evaluation of the project requirements.
• Detailed explanation of each algorithm (implementation process, heuristic function, etc.). Illustrative images and diagrams are encouraged.
• Description of the test cases and experiment results (memory usage, time complexity, etc.) Highlight challenges and compare the overall behavior of your algorithms.
• The report needs to be well-formatted and exported to PDF. If there are figures cut off by the page break, etc., points will be deducted.
• References (if any).


2.5 Demonstration videos
• Demo videos (recording the running process of your program for some test cases) should be
uploaded to YouTube or Google Drive, and the public URLs are included in the report.
• In the video, students should start by compiling or running their code, then walk through
the key steps of the program’s execution to make it easy to follow.
2.6 Submission
• Your report, source code and test cases must be contributed in the form of a compressed file (.zip, .rar, .7z) and named according to the format StudentID1 StudentID2 ...
• If the compressed file is larger than 25MB, prioritize compressing the report and source code. Test cases may be uploaded to Google Drive and shared via a link.